A total of 1 billion market value has evaporated
If I hadn't heard you say what you are dead on
I won't let you come back from abroad
Now.
Our Bai family is over
Oh, dad, can't you be reconciled?
Are we just accepting small favors from the Shen family?
If I could be Mrs. Shen
Finish Bai's house
You can inherit the top rich family of Haicheng
you
greedy
Must be a disaster
Mr. Shen
I just did a full body check on Miss Jiao
Except for exogenous head
No problem.
Then why hasn't he woken up yet?
Is that so?
Miss Jiao should have experienced a miscarriage a few days ago
The body has not recovered
So keep waking up
OK, I see.
This matter about Miss Shen Zongjiang
No one should know
Is it Mr. Shen?
Oh, dear.
Are you feeling unwell?
I remove my clothes
Don't go
Don't leave me alone
Don't worry.
I won't leave you.
I will always be by your side
The rumors outside
I've already dealt with my feelings
later
No one will say a word more about you.
That's okay.
The cleaner clears himself
Ignore the gossip
That's right.
I just had a nightmare
I had a dream about a man who was holding me down.
Can't see his face
I can't remember what he did to me
Just think
I feel a little sad